‎Abel was an imperfect man,
born to sinful parents.
‎Even so,
‎when he offered God
a sacrifice as an act of worship,
‎Jehovah accepted his gift.
‎However,
when Abel’s brother Cain offered God a gift,
‎Jehovah rejected his worship.
‎Why?
‎Please read with me Hebrews 11:4:
‎“By faith Abel offered God a sacrifice
‎“of greater worth than that of Cain,
‎“and through that faith he received
the witness that he was righteous,
‎“for God approved his gifts,
‎“and although he died,
‎he still speaks through his faith.”
‎That scripture states
the theme for the chapter
‎“‘God Approved’ Their Gifts.”
‎In this chapter, we’ll discuss
four elements that are essential
‎if our worship is to be acceptable to God.
‎You’ll learn
why Jehovah accepted worship from Abel
‎but not from Cain.
‎You’ll also consider what we can learn
‎from the examples of others
mentioned in Hebrews chapter 11.
‎As you review the history of pure worship,
‎take time to meditate on the example set
‎by such faithful men
as Noah, Abraham, and Jacob.
‎If you do so,
‎you will gain a deeper understanding
‎of what we need to do to give Jehovah
‎the pure worship he deserves.